I'm afraid it's been nine years hello
ladies and gentlemen ET on Kier and
welcome to a metal gear solid 5 news
update in less than nine days konami
will live stream their pre e3 event with
metal gear solid 5 the phantom pain as
one of the main highlights of the show
in my previous video i've already talked
about konamis plan to give us a more
story focused trailer and to show off
some gameplay but more recently gamespot
the main website hosting konamis pre e3
event has uploaded a video teasing that
the event will reveal snakes voice actor
check out this video and see for
yourself
so yeah very small teaser but at least
we now know for sure that will finally
get answers let me know in the comments
below if you think there's hope for
David Hayter to make a surprise
appearance or if you think it'll be a
completely new voice actor hell maybe
we'll see both since there is a
nine-year gap between ground zeroes in
the phantom pain enough time to change a
middle-aged man's voice I personally
think we won't be seeing David Hayter in
this conference but then again the
question is worded who will play the
voice of snake rather than who is snakes
new voice actor the way the question is
a still leaves room for David haters
return or the possibility of two voice
actors playing big boss but I may just
be drawing at straws here it may just be
wishful thinking let me know your
thoughts in the comments below to be
further updated on metal gear solid 5 be
sure to join the nation and subscribe to
young gear I'll see you guys next time
thank you very much ND young gout
you